in New York to residential buildings
have collapsed after a massive explosion
was heard near Central Park two people
have been reported dead and at least 17
others injured live now to New York and
Artie's marina port now marina this has
all happened in the past couple of hours
so what more can you tell us at this
stage well obviously details are coming
in a minute by minute what we do know is
that a reported two hundred firefighters
are currently on the scene in East
Harlem battling to put out the fire and
evacuate anyone who may still be caught
under piles of debris as of now
officials say at least at least two
people were killed and 17 others injured
after two five-story buildings collapsed
around nine-thirty wednesday morning at
116th street and park avenue now the
cause of the explosion is still unknown
but the NYPD says the incident is not
linked to terrorism now before the
blasts occurred coned the city's
Electric Company was reportedly heading
to the scene responding to calls about a
gas leak now the force of the morning
blast was so strong that it ended up
blowing out windows belonging to other
buildings in the area now the explosions
shook the entire neighborhood with many
people running for cover for cover and
others actually began filming we've
heard from one witness who was just one
block away when the incident occurred
here in New York when the streets are
being repaired there are these huge
metal plates that are put down over the
street and it sounded to me just like a
like one of those had fallen but I mean
it was extremely extremely layout if
there's a lot of smoke in the air it's
it's the smell of smoke is pretty heavy
right here on 115 apart and I could see
the smoke all the way down at one
hundred and second when I started
walking out here but everybody's really
orderly lots of people of course using
their cell phones for pictures and video
and even it seems like the fire
department trucks that you know they
can't get any more of them closer to the
scene so there are a lot of firefighters
we're still going in on foot
first responders have instructed
residents and anybody working in the
area to stay indoors and keep windows
closed because as we just heard this
eyewitness say that a smoke until
continues to engulf the entire
neighborhood it's not clear what type of
toxins may be in the air what kind of
debris may be floating around so it's
probably best for for everyone's safety
to stay indoors keep windows closed if
they do not have to be outside Marina
thanks for that live update our T's muna
port night in New York